# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

<!-- How to create a new entry:
See the documentation for Keep a Changelog above.
Try to keep them in this order if possible, skipping what you don't need:

Added - for new features.
Changed - for changes in existing functionality.
Deprecated - for soon-to-be removed features.
Removed - for now removed features.
Fixed - for any bug fixes.
Security - in case of vulnerabilities.

Format:

## [Unreleased]
- 

## [1.0.0] - 2021-01-16
### Added
- 

### Changed
- 

### Deprecated
- 

### Removed
- 

### Fixed
- 

### Security
- 
-->
<!-- ## [Unreleased] -->

## [1.2.6] - 2021-03-14
### Added
- Automated integrated self-testing
- Unit tests for getField with cheerio
- Refactor getField to use data

### Fixed
- Infinite loop when specific button tap causes error #168
- Some items not getting selected at all (scroll into view problem)

## [1.2.5] - 2021-03-06
### Fixed
- Simplest case of [index var](https://github.com/plocket/docassemble-cucumber/issues/158) (i.e. `i`) question.

## [1.2.4] - 2021-03-03
### Fixed
- Race condition where puppeteer thinks the page has progressed but it really hasn't.

## [1.2.3] - 2021-02-07
### Fixed
- Options of dropdown fields created with objects are not found [#149](https://github.com/plocket/docassemble-cucumber/issues/149)

## [1.2.2] - 2021-02-03
### Fixed
- Signature field rows (`/sign`) are not used up all in one loop

### Added
- .env-example file to files that will be pushed to dependants

## [1.2.1] - 2021-01-26
### Fixed
- #79, race condition breaks story table scenarios (ex: MADE `rental agreement`)
- #115, order of table items matter - continue button pressed too soon
- #139, `scope.getField()` `set_to` doesn't find all the fields


## [1.2.0] - 2021-01-13
### Changed
- Reports are saved as `.txt` files instead of `.md` files.
- Reports are prettier.
- Story table: If there are only two columns needed in a table row, the table doesn't care which columns the second item is in. This is to allow generated tests to work without a human editing them.
- Automatically generated language tags now handle spaces.

### Fixed
- Broken error message - showed the wrong error.

## [1.1.0] - 2021-01-13
### Changed
- Skipped this version somehow. Was sure it was in there somewhere...

## [1.0.0] - 2021-01-13
### Added
- Steps for setting variables, interacting with elements, and observing (to be documented elsewhere TODO: add link)
- 'Story' table - a Step with a cucumber table that can set several variables until a specified `question id` is reached
- Translations support - many Steps that work with any language, including the 'story' table
- Reports about the order the pages appeared that are saved in [github artifacts](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions/managing-workflow-runs/downloading-workflow-artifacts)
- Screenshots from scenarios that created errors
- Ability to download documents
- [Basic documentation for test writing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hkNr78mrU3Ha98tPUL4OKWi3eNnt-1Sba7L8470u06g/edit?usp=sharing)
- Ability for this repo to push all needed files to other repositories on which it has push permissions. Those files make sure the tests will get run by github. See the files outlined below:
- `example.feature` - an example test to get a project started
- `github/workflows/run_form_tests.yml` - Automated github workflow to run tests when code is pushed and a manual trigger for testing without needing to push
- `.gitignore` - ignores files that are generated by the tests and shouldn't be added to the repo
- `package.json` - keep up-to-date version of this test repository and hold scripts that the automated tests run
